amass-track: add Spanish translation (#9700)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages.es/common/amass-track.md

# amass track

> Seguimiento de las diferencias entre enumeraciones del mismo dominio.
> Más información: <https://github.com/OWASP/Amass/blob/master/doc/user_guide.md#the-track-subcommand>.

> - Mostrar la diferencia entre las últimas enumeraciones de un dominio específico:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Muestra la diferencia entre las últimas enumeraciones de un dominio específico:
```

> - Muestra la diferencia entre las dos últimas enumeraciones del dominio especificado:
> 
> `amass track -dir {{ruta/a/directorio_de_base_de_datos}} -d {{nombre_dominio}} -last 2`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Show the difference between the last enumerations of a specific domain::

`amass track -dir {{ruta/a/directorio_de_base_de_datos}} -d {{nombre_dominio}} -last {{1..infinity}}`
```

Optional fix: `Show the difference between the last enumerations of a specific domain:` can be used as a translation source, `specific` may sound better.
Mandatory fix: `-last` option doesn't accept just `2` integer literal, placeholder is required, range syntax can be used.

Reviewer 3: Based on the above suggestion feel free to translate it.

Reviewer 2: Done. :)
